y'all miss you I'd like seriously like
gamma gamers they've got me and Badger
working on this top secret new recipe
yeah it's like ninety nine point three
percent pure it's pure energy you have
been working on a new recipe without me
with badger the master chemist why did
gamma gamers not consider me I mean I'm
the cook you're just I know good junkie
well yeah they said only me and bad you
could work on it mound bizarre has only
one problem
like I know you like the color of the
last one was it like blueberry flavor
gp-fuel well yeah this one's this one's
a little different so what color is it
yeah it's it's green it's clean Apple
let me see it
yeah yeah it's good yo it's like the
bomb
you